# Changelogs - 22/08/2025
- Added <b><ins>3 certifications and 0 vendors</ins></b> to the table. (Total: 348 Certs - 57 Vendors)
- Added the Australian Dollar (AUD) to the currency list.
- Restructured and optimized the codebase into smaller, modular components to improve maintainability and simplify future upgrades.
- Added student discount variables to all certifications. The student discount feature is now fully released and no longer in beta.
- Implemented a certification expansion feature to display certification details in full-screen mode.

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c46751fe-f8ae-40ce-b7c7-75bac168fe37

## Bugs & Glitches [Unresolved]
- The website **_optionally_** requires optimization for older devices or devices without hardware acceleration available/enabled.
  - This will remain a work in progress over time.
 
## Bugs & Glitches [Resolved]
- Fixed a bug where the certification comparator blurred only the table on popup instead of the entire page.
- Fixed an issue where users could still scroll the background when the certification comparator was displayed.
- Fixed an issue where the Embedded/IoT subspecialty was displayed twice.
- Fixed a bug where clicking the certification expansion button did not dismiss the small certification details popup.
- Fixed an issue causing the logo to appear blurry on mobile devices.

## Community Requests
- A few additional specialties were added to the GSE and GSP certifications following a 'Outdated/Wrong Certification Category' report submitted by an online user.
