# Changelogs - 27/07/2025
- The PFP on the splash page of https://dragkob.com has been centered for improved visual alignment and presentation.
- Developed the submission form for "Certification Addition Request".
- Developed the submission form for "Certification Review Addition Request".
- Implemented search and filtering functionality for the certification roadmap.
- Added "Last Update" date.
- Integrated a link to the "Certification Addition Request" form.
- Integrated a link to the "Certification Review Addition Request" form.
- Implemented HR-Recognised filter. (Long-Awaited Feature!) :D

## Bugs & Glitches [Unresolved]


## Bugs & Glitches [Resolved]
- The "Security Architecture and Engineering" column title does not match the border color.
- Certification titles should not be in bold format.
- Column titles should be in bold format.
- Difficulty levels (Beginner, Intermediate, Expert) are misplaced.
- ~~Reduce the height and width of the navbar on the Certification Roadmap page to minimize scrolling required for the full table.~~  
  - It has been decided to relocate the "Dragkob" title to the navigation bar in order to maximize available scrolling space.
- Change the browser tab title from "Dragkob" to "Security Certification Roadmap".
- Resolved the issue of the "Software Engineering" column width being too narrow.
- Removed the extra space between the certifications counter and the box border.
- "Security Certification Roadmap" title is not centered.
